These is the rules for using my Upwork accounts, this rules have been collected by getting many accounts suspended in past, and we 99% perfected our work and know why Upwork is closing accounts.
You will have to agree to this rules before start working on upwork.
I know that you maybe are experienced in working on Upwork, but this list have some rules and tips that are not documented by upwork forum and website so its important to read it.
Our accounts are on 100% safe enviroment, its first time creating account on that pc, on that internet and with that person. If account get suspended its 99% most likely that you broke some rule.
Even if you didn't wanted to break it, you maybe didn't know it existed, and yes upwork will not forgive anyone, 1 mistake = 1000 years ban on upwork.
So please read it carefully every line of this text is important for account existance.

Last couple times we noticed that a team or multiple workers used the account and rules was not been understood by all the members of the team.
So if someone will use this account with you, its the most important thing for them to learn and respect this rules too.
And it would be good if every user is added to group chat, with you and me.


==General Rules:

1. Dont make any fake projects also don't do any projects with Serbian accounts.
2. Dont underbid to avoid project fees or just to catch clients attention and then offer him double price for the same project.
3. You can't share any kind of info before accepting the project. You will not seek to communicate or receive/initiate payments off-site and will not request the upfront release of Milestone Payments before the work is delivered.  Dont share or accept any contact info as skype, linkedin, mail, phone, zoom, a link to a contact form or form requesting contact information. If the client require you have to decline and tell him its forbidden. If the client lured you out of the platform to discuss work, then decided to scam you, you won’t have any proof of your claims, you won't get your money, and you also risk suspension, since working outside the platform is a serious breach of platform rules.
4. Work only with verified clients, avoid new accounts, they mostly make fake projects or a dispute or refund after project is completed. Work on the project you are sure you can complete, dont argue with clients and always respect them, most accounts get closed because of the client reports.
5. Dont just copy/paste bids, update them for every project or a client. Also do not share any contact info in proposals or links that lead to some page with personal contact info.
6. Try using Serbian time-zone while messaging with clients
6. Answer this in chat: 3+6?
7. If you have any dispute, notification or issue with the account, dont act on your hand and try to solve it yourself, let me know first before reaching out to supports.
8. Do not login Gmail at your PC for safety reasons. You dont make any changes without me. Dont change any passwords without letting me know, dont login on second pc, dont make fake profiles (Freelancer, Upwork...) of any kind at my remote without asking me first. 
9. Always leave for example $10/$30+ on account for membership or some project fee.
10. If you work hourly via Upwork App, you will open the Upwork Desktop App, which will send screenshots of your
desktop randomly to the diary viewed by your client or Upwork so they could see anydesk.
11. Also, pay attention on the number of connects you are spending. If you spend all connects and fail to land the job at the start of your Upwork career, the platform might review your profile and activity and suspend you after a conclusion that you are not the best fit for the platform.
12. Do not exchange crypto money in any way!
13. You will use account's payoneer account only to withdraw from upwork and forward to your payoneer account(you will not receive any money on payoneer that is not from upwork.com)
14. Do not include any links in proposals( Dont include any website or anything you have built), you can send screenshots but without visible link to a website.
15. When account is new you can send 2-3 proposals per day( AT MAXIMUM) and choose jobs carefully. That will increase over time but for first 2-3 weeks you should send as least proposals as possible. Once you get more jobs and completing them you can send more and more. If you send many proposals and dont get hired upwork will automaticaly suspend your account.
16. Only 1 person should work on 1 upwork account, due to writting/chatting style, upwork can detect different writting styles.
17. Don't send copy-paste propolsas to a job, for EVERY job, there should be unique proposal (This is the reason accounts are closed too)
18. Be professional and friendly with the clients, if you have poor feedback your account will be suspended.
19. Never ask for 5 Stars rating, clients should have freedom in rating you. 
20. Do not use any browser addon or any automation tool on the site.

== IMPORTANT 
== Breaking any of this rules will result me in sanctioning you (access, and money penality).

Never login upwork mail account except my pc (Upwork can track gmail login ip)
Dont use upwork app, since it takes screenshots of your screen and sends that to client and upwork
Dont in any way use outside communication 
IF client asks for outside communication you have to tell him that that is not allowed
Also you can never ask client for outside communication
Dont spend all connects at once
You must bid slowly and write different message to any client you want to work with
When you finish work logout 
And all rules above
There should be no exceptions to this rules
If you think to do something and dont know if it is allowed, firstly contact me and i will tell you or check with my colegues or upwork if that is allowed.


== IMPORTANT
== Attention to all clients:

We got some accounts closed recently due to irregular activities.
And after examination irregular activities were bad proposals cover text.
Some worker who worked on Upwork was sending the links to his personal sites/portfolios but you cannot do that.
You cannot send someone github link on someone else's name. Even if you send must be on the Accounts Owner name!
What happened was, there was multiple workers working on account(i didn't know they will work like that) 
and they both were sending bids, but when i checked proposals, there was a clearly different writing style in cover letters.
Also, 1 worker sent 1 Github account another send 2nd Github account.
This is common sense and should never happen.
Answer this question in chat: What is the capital of England?

Please be careful when writing proposals and writing in chat.
The text must be professionally written, grammatically correct, and should not contain any links that Upwork may suspect something(Lead to outside communication, or hiring outside Upwork)

I want to provide the best service and most secure accounts but if you dont use it with care bad things will happen eventually.
Also clients on Upwork know that sharing accounts is a thing and they hate it. If client suspect something he will report you for sure.
Also if you get rejected on many project upwork will close your account because they think you are low skill and dont want you to use their platform.
They only care about clients(because they bring the money), there is a 100 freelancers for 1 client, if they ban 99 freelancers they will still earn money from client.

Losing an account for me is very stressful and i think for you too, you paid good money to use it so please use it carefully.

==
Upwork accounts notice:
Due to electricity problems in last month, from now, when you finish working on upwork for that day, dont click logout when finishing, instead, just close tab or browser.
Because when electricity goes off, ip address changes and upwork report unauthoarized device connecting.
==


== IMPORTANT
== IMPORTANT
== IMPORTANT
=
New important notice !!!
- On new account you should sent the best quality proposals (read it 10 times before sending, use grammarly to correct grammar)!
- DO NOT INCLUDE ANY LINKS IN PROPOSALS
- DO NOT INCLUDE LINKS TO SITES YOU HAVE BUILD OR ANYTHING (UPWORK WILL THINK THAT IS OUTSIDE COMMUNICATION)
- MAXIMAL PROPOSALS YOU CAN SEND PER DAY IS 2-3 PROPOSALS MAX PER DAY ON NEW ACCOUNT
- 2 PROPOSALS PER DAY IS BEST AND SAFEST
=

1.
From now its strictly forbidden to receive money on paypal or payoneer accounts from other paypal or payoneer accounts. 
Only money you can get on paypal is withdraw from freelancer or upwork.
You are all renting freelancer and upwork accounts paypal is just addition so you can get money earned on freelancer to yourself.
This is due some tax regulations in serbia. And cannot be other way.
If you dont respect this rule we have all rights to lock down account and take everything 
2.
Paypal and payoneer is only and only use to send money to you nothing else, no paying for other services with that paypal not receiving that money to that.
That was clear on start but we kinda ignored and gave you access.
From now accounts will be checked regularely and all wrong activity will be sanctioned.
3.
Its strictly forbidden to create accounts on other websites with account's owner data. And to purchase other services with account's owner data. 
If you want something you need to inform us first and we will decide if you can do that.

Answer this question in chat: How much are 2+3?
Again
All accounts will be checked on daily base and every acctivity that is against the this and other rules of using an account will be sanctioned(account lock and money fine).



== Once you finish setting up account you will be asked to input security code, input it and send me.
== Every single of this rules is found out by using many accounts in the past
== Breaking just one of this rules can and will lead to account being suspended.
== Rules must be followed without exception
== Please let me know if you read all of them and AGREE with all of the above written rules?
== Breaking any of this rules will result me in sanctioning you.
== I have many clients so when communicate with me please dont call. Send message instead and be patient i will always answer asap.

**
Please let me know if you have read all the text above and agree with every rule above
**